MTA-6811, 6812, 6813, 6814, 6815, 6816 CQA April Developer Lightspeed work (#357)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/con_dl-context.adoc

The context is a combination of the source code, the issue description, and solved examples:

* Description of issues that {ProductShortName} detects when you run a static code analysis for a given set of target technologies.

* (Optional) The default and custom rules may contain additional information that you include which can help {mta-dl-plugin} to define the context.
+

> * Solved examples constitute code changes from other migrations and a pattern of resolution for an issue to use in future. {mta-dl-plugin} creates a solved example when a Migrator accepts a resolution in an earlier analysis that results in updated code or an unfamiliar issue in a legacy application that the Migrator manually fixed. The Solution Server stores solved examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Solved examples are reusable resolution patterns from previous migrations stored on the Solution Server. The {mta-dl-plugin} generates these examples when a Migrator accepts an automated resolution or manually fixes a legacy issue.
```

+

> More instances of solved examples for an issue enhance the context and improve the success metrics of rules that trigger the issue. Higher the success metrics of an issue, greater the confidence level associated with the accepted resolutions for that issue in earlier analyses.

Reviewer: "Previous" here sounds better. "Previous" is only a problem when we talk about versions, where we should be more specific.
```suggestion
More instances of solved examples for an issue enhance the context and improve the success metrics of rules that trigger the issue. Higher the success metrics of an issue, greater the confidence level associated with the accepted resolutions for that issue in previous analyses.
```

Author: I don't mind either "previous" or "earlier" but I think Vale suggestion flagged "previous" for me.
